in order to get acquainted with the work in
adobe muse
it is necessary to understand the components
interface of this program when opening
adobe muse appears in front of us
greeting on and window that offers
different options for action create
new site open the last site and
learn more about adobe muse and
latest and and updates let's you
open the last site template photographer.
-
when opening this file we get with
you in plan mode in this mode
is the map or structure of our
the site let's start with the home page
double click on it
the mouse we see that the page has opened for
us in design mode and at the top of the window
appeared in our new tab let
let's open some more pages in the same way
double click
each of these tabs represents
page of our site
this way we are much more comfortable
switch between pages
rather than returning to mode each time
plan and reopen it in order
to change the display order of these
pages just click on the tab and
hold down the left mouse button drag and
in the sequence you need if
you close this tab
then you do not close the entire document close
just a page to open it
again just go back to mode
plan and open it by double clicking
the mouse at the top of the screen are various
the menu we will use with
you during our course menu file
example allows you to open the site
save current site place objects
different and preview
page or website in the browser and so on
browse menus allow us to increase
or scale up our site
hide or show menu bars
window includes toolbars
which we can use on the left
adobe muse mode panel is located
design viewing publication and management
we will consider with you these modes more
detail in the next video to the right of
this panel is a panel
of tools
which allows us to quickly choose
the tool we need is below it
control panel is located
control allows us to change properties
objects selected on the page for example
change the stroke of these objects
apply various effects to objects
such as shadow bevel glow and others
properties
on the right side there is a window which
we can fill with you with panels
of tools
most used by you for
order to add to this window
panel needed
go through the menu window and select it from
List, for example, add resources here
resources appeared in this window now
we can collapse this panel and so
way to see the whole site or deploy
if we need us again in
the next video we will look more
detailed modes adobe muse